Feature/cloud images (#99)
Ensono/stacks-docker-images: docs/docker-definitions/golang.adoc

== EIR Golang

> Image that contains the Go program,ming language, which is used to build Ensono Stacks applications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Image that contains the Go programming language, which is used to build Ensono Stacks applications:
```
